Add docs to oz docsite (#298)
OpenZeppelin/nile: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/plugins.adoc

= Relevant Plugins

This is a list of relevant plugins providing extra functionality to Nile.

> TIP: If you are a plugin developer and your project is not listed, reach out to us!

Reviewer: how? this call to action is not properly set. should we add a link to opening a PR? should we have a PR template for docs?

> TIP: If you are a plugin developer and your project is not listed, feel free to open a PR!

Author: I partially addressed that comment suggesting to open a PR (before the suggestion was "reach out to us"). Regarding the PR template for docs, I don't think is necessary. For listing plugins, we need the project link to review if we should add it, but we can do that from the PR itself by checking the plugin repository (or implementing a different/better mechanism, but I feel that could be out of the scope of this PR).

> TIP: If you are a plugin developer and your project is not listed, feel free to open a PR!

Reviewer: ok. i'd still add a link to creating an issue (instead of opening a PR).

== OpenZeppelin plugins

> Subset of plugins developed by OpenZeppelin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins maintained by OpenZeppelin.
```

> Subset of plugins developed by OpenZeppelin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins maintained by OpenZeppelin.
```

- link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-nile-upgrades[openzeppelin-nile-upgrades]
+

> Plugin for Nile to deploy and manage upgradeable contracts on StarkNet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin to deploy and manage upgradeable contracts on StarkNet.
```
i'd remove nile from all other examples too. maybe plugin too, there's enough context.

== Community plugins

> Subset of plugins developed by community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community maintained plugins.
```

This is a list of relevant plugins providing extra functionality to Nile.

> TIP: If you are a plugin developer and your project is not listed, you can link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/nile/issues/new[open a new issue] to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If you know of a plugin that should be listed but it isn't, please link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/nile/issues/new[open a new issue].
```
making this a wider call, not just for devs
